Refactor Modules for Inbound Authentication (#15435)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/jwt/src/main/ballerina/jwt/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provides JWT authentication provider, which can be used to authenticate with a JWT token; and functionality related to issuing a JWT and validating JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a JWT authentication provider, which can be used to authenticate using a JWT token and the functionality related to issuing a JWT token and validating it.
```
